Kung Fu Rainbow Lazer Force.
We're reclaiming the rainbow.
The upper middle class superhero team,
that protects your innocence,
any way they can.
They are...
Talullah,
Sebastian Kadden,
Zoey,
Quota,
and Dirk.
We don't tolerate difference,
We're heterosexual virgins,
Yeah!
Fighting evil in multi-colored
skintight
cutoffs and spandex.
Pow!
I'm happy to wait.
I don't even need to masturbate.
I get off on the face of justice!
Sex is bad!
And violence is good.
Gonna save the neighborhood.
From sex!
Kung Fu Rainbow Lazer Force.
And what does science teach us
that caused the dinosaurs to go extinct?
Tallulah?
A giant meteor?
No, not a giant meteor!
Oh.
Sebastian Kadden?
A huge flood?
That's right, Sebastian.
A giant flood!
That in fact destroyed the dinosaurs,
and the Romans!
Now, we as a civilization face an equally
devastating threat from the environment.
Now, what is that threat, Quota?
Climate change?
Correct, climate change.
Ergo, a dangerous change in our immoral climate.
That makes us stop caring about the
terrible menace that will alter the future
of civilization as we know it.
Yes.
I am talking about...
A football game.
Now this weekend's big game against our arch-rivals,
Wickenberg Canyon High.
These are evil,
evil people,
that must be stopped!
Next week, we'll move on to
the insect family and the important role
abstinence plays in their survival.
You see family is important, people.
And everyone in this school, is like, family.
And that is why we don't sleep with each other.
As incest is just icky!
Mr. Hitzman, did you really mean what you
said?
Oh, yes.
Crickets do talk,
and they love waiting
for that special person to make
baby crickets with in a creative and loving
way.
Now one day,
when I've mastered my inappropriate longings.
I hope to meet an understanding, Mrs. Hitzman,
and have some little baby Hitzmans running
around.
We'll probably get a nanny to play with them,
and help out around the house a bit.
Perhaps he would be a strapping German boy,
with brown shirt and big muscles and...
An enigmatic laugh that said more than words
ever could.
And then in summer time he'd work topless,
his Aryan sweat producing a glimmering sheen
off his sizable...
No, no, no, about the end of the world?
Oh... yes of course,
but you guys are going to stop it.
Observe, Wickenberg Canyon High.
State funded.
Ewww, oh my God.
Eww.
There are some
very dark things going on there,
in the name of so-called science.
In fact, our recent intel tells us they are...
Harvesting souls!
Ohhh!!
That's right.
Millions of little souls called...
Stem cells!
Now team,
stem cells are harvested from
a pregnant woman's belly button.
Near that smelly
disgusting hole,
thing they have down there.
Is that called a vagina?
Yuck!
Don't even say it!
I believe the male member is much more
elegant and...
Surprising.
One time I was playing a game of sword fights
with my...
Sir!
About saving the world.
Hum...
Yes, yes!
We have to stop them.
You see, they want to build a mutant army
and give people extra arms and legs.
So they can win at football and...
fondle your wives and daughters at the same
time.
Really?
Really!
Hey, where's Dirk?
Hey team!
Kung Fu Rainbow Lazer Force, yeah!
Oh, Dirk.
Oh, yeah.
Sorry I'm tardy.
I'm just so full of school spirit you know.
Parvenu Hills rules!
Woo!
That's okay, Dirk.
You're good at sports,
so we turn a collective blind eye
to your remedial level reading skills
And I can't read.
I know you can't.
Lack of basic manners,
mistreatment of class mates,
and the fact that you're twenty-five years
old
and have yet to come close to graduating.
Oh, thank you, Hillary.
I mean Mr. Hitzman.
Yes, I was just telling the team about some
of the terrible stuff that's been going on
at Wickenberg.
Wickenberg can suck my nutsack,
them boners.
Really?
Can they?
I mean...
I mean, that won't be necessary Dirk.
Unless it would save America?
Now that would be controversial!
Maybe we should teach the controversy, Sebastian.
Atheists don't like that sir.
They like to present unproven theories
made up by degenerates and transsexuals
wearing dresses they call lab coats,
as if they're facts.
Just like the fact that America is God's own
country
and our destiny is made manifest
just like the earlier settlers did
when they gave small pox to the heathens
so they could meet God quicker.
Very good, Quota.
Thank you sir.
I hope to one day be elected president but
based on my ability and integrity,
not some liberal agenda which loves Muslims.
What a nice,
noble,
kind ambition.
Although I hope to high hell it never comes
true.
Me too, sir!
I think I'll stick to basketball and
making people feel uncomfortable when
I talk to their daughter.
I still don't have a date for the prom.
That's my boy.
And I do mean boy, in the most non-offensive
way possible.
Now, back to Wickenburg.
I need you to do some reconnaissance.
Listen closely here's what I want...
Kung Fu Rainbow Lazer Force...
Kung Fu Lazer Rainbow Force...
No!
Reconnaissance.
Go in your school clothes and report back.
Kung Fu Rainbow Lazer Force.
Oh my God.
It's like a bomb went off!
I know.
These people only have one home...
How repulsive.
I imagine some of them share toilets.
The very idea of putting my bottom
where someone else's bottom has been.
Eeuww!
Hey, knock it off.
We've got to keep an eye out for the enemy.
Durr...
I ain't scared of them.
Handout kids and pregnant girls.
They can clean my butthole.
Can they?
Louisa!
What are you doing here?
Who's she?
One of our house cleaners.
This is where I live.
Here?
This slum?
This is a nice neighborhood.
Besides, you only pay me fifteen thousand
dollars a year.
Now Louisa!
Shame-o on you-o.
Don't go asking for handouts.
My family has worked hard for what they've
got.
Why don't you take the rest of the week off,
without pay and think about this little incident?
You're terrible!
Why do you say that?
You should have just fired her on the spot.
Giving her time off,
she'll do what all poor people do.
Abuse drugs and have another kid,
and I mean that compassionately.
Oh my God!
Look at that!
Mortal sin at three o'clock.
Hey!
Stop right there.
What's your problem?
We're heterosexual virgins...
And you're our problem.
What?
Why?
Don't push your luck kid!
I know how it goes,
you start by holding hands,
and then it's a trip up and down the bases.
Fingering the tush.
Then you fire off a big home run,
and before you know it you've got a kid on
your hands
who's gonna live his whole life in prison.
Yeah, spending my parents' tax dollars.
We were only holding hands.
I bet you smoke pot.
Poor people love the pot!
No, I have asthma, thank you.
I bet you pleasure yourself?
Sometimes, but what...
And what's this?
Pornography...
Arghhh!
Amputee pornography!
That's a statue from the museum,
from the Renaissance.
What are you talking about?
You fool!
Museums are the worst.
Subsidized dens of sin,
leading people astray.
My father says
we should stop subsidizing decadent culture
and
start supporting things that really matter,
like the oil industry.
Ah...
I think we already do that.
Shut up, pervert!
He wants to chop your arms off
and have sexual intercourse with you.
We have pledged to wait,
and your indecency has just
offended these lovely impressionable girls.
Yeah.
I'm just a teenage boy...
You're a degenerate.
You're a dickhead.
Say that again...
We were only holding hands,
but we have made out once.
Agh!
No!
Look, look, I don't want a kid yet,
and I have masturbated.
So what?
You are dickheads.
Kung Fu Rainbow Lazer Force!
He was leading you astray.
And we saved you from a life of vice.
And prostitution.
And picking up cigarette butts, looking for
a fix.
If she isn't a street walker already.
Are you?
What?
Kung Fu Rainbow Lazer Force.
Well...
We saved those kids from unnatural desires.
It's true, that sometimes the only way to
manage teenage sex is by acts of
extreme violence.
Which is good, because violence is awesome!
Eeoww... this whole place smells so yucky!
Well, that's because we're near the school.
Look, they're starting their spirit rally.
Stinkpickle, Stinkpickle, rah, rah, rah.
It's horrible.
Are you okay?
I don't know.
Something's wrong.
My body's going through some changes.
I noticed!
I-I-I have these desires,
and I can't control them.
Me too.
Desires to kill everyone in
a violent testosterone-fueled rage.
Why, my voice is changing...
and I can shoot lazer beams out of my eyes.
Look!
Feel my wrath, whore!
Let's get back to base,
we need to regroup.
Zoey!
Zoey?
Don't make me smite you.
Yes!
Smite me.
Kung Fu Rainbow Lazer Force!
Team, that is the spirit.
It's so good to see young people
motivated in a positive way.
Oh my, what happened to you guys?
It was horrible, Mr. Hitzman.
The girls weren't wearing pants.
Please, the vapors are enough to kill a man.
Do you hear me,
Zoey and Tallulah?
You've been cursed.
No!
Now gather round, I have a plan.
During tomorrow night's game.
You sneak in to the science wing of Wickenburg
High,
rescue the stem cells
and set them free in the forest.
Saving America in the process.
What's a plan?
Pay no attention to that now, Dirk,
for it is time for the grand finale.
Parvenu Hills Academy rules!
Woo!
Yeah!
Game on Kung Fu Lazer girls.
You hosers.
You think you can defeat our
alternative agenda quite so easily?
Well, while you're out harvesting stem cells,
we shall be harvesting you...
Hey?
Kung Fu Rainbow Lazer Force!